README.md, before:

# Terraform Basic Virtual Machine

## Introduction

This module deploys a simple [virtual machine resource](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/templates/microsoft.compute/2019-03-01/virtualmachines) with an NSG, 1 NIC and a simple OS Disk.

## Security Controls

The following security controls can be met through configuration of this template:

* AC-1, AC-10, AC-11, AC-11(1), AC-12, AC-14, AC-16, AC-17, AC-18, AC-18(4), AC-2 , AC-2(5), AC-20(1) , AC-20(3), AC-20(4), AC-24(1), AC-24(11), AC-3, AC-3 , AC-3(1), AC-3(3), AC-3(9), AC-4, AC-4(14), AC-6, AC-6, AC-6(1), AC-6(10), AC-6(11), AC-7, AC-8, AC-8, AC-9, AC-9(1), AI-16, AU-2, AU-3, AU-3(1), AU-3(2), AU-4, AU-5, AU-5(3), AU-8(1), AU-9, CM-10, CM-11(2), CM-2(2), CM-2(4), CM-3, CM-3(1), CM-3(6), CM-5(1), CM-6, CM-6, CM-7, CM-7, IA-1, IA-2, IA-3, IA-4(1), IA-4(4), IA-5, IA-5, IA-5(1), IA-5(13), IA-5(1c), IA-5(6), IA-5(7), IA-9, SC-10, SC-13, SC-15, SC-18(4), SC-2, SC-2, SC-23, SC-28, SC-30(5), SC-5, SC-7, SC-7(10), SC-7(16), SC-7(8), SC-8, SC-8(1), SC-8(4), SI-14, SI-2(1), SI-3

## Dependancies

* [Resource Groups](https://github.com/canada-ca-azure-templates/resourcegroups/blob/master/readme.md)
* [Keyvault](https://github.com/canada-ca-azure-templates/keyvaults/blob/master/readme.md)
* [VNET-Subnet](https://github.com/canada-ca-azure-templates/vnet-subnet/blob/master/readme.md)

## Usage

```terraform
module "jumpbox" {
  source = "github.com/canada-ca-terraform-modules/basicwindowsvm?ref=20190725.1"
  #source = "./terraform-azurerm-basicwindowsvm"

  name                              = "jumpbox"
  resource_group_name               = "${var.envprefix}-MGMT-RDS-RG"
  admin_username                    = "azureadmin"
  secretPasswordName                = "server2016DefaultPassword"
  nic_subnetName                    = "${var.envprefix}-MGMT-PAZ"
  nic_vnetName                      = "${var.envprefix}-Core-NetMGMT-VNET"
  nic_resource_group_name           = "${var.envprefix}-Core-NetMGMT-RG"
  dnsServers                        = ["168.63.129.16"]
  nic_enable_ip_forwarding          = false
  nic_enable_accelerated_networking = false
  nic_ip_configuration = {
    private_ip_address            = ""
    private_ip_address_allocation = "Dynamic"
  }
  vm_size = "Standard_D2_v3"
  storage_image_reference = {
    publisher = "MicrosoftWindowsServer"
    offer     = "WindowsServer"
    sku       = "2016-Datacenter"
    version   = "latest"
  }

  keyvault = {
    name                = "${var.envprefix}-Core-KV-${substr(sha1("${data.azurerm_client_config.current.subscription_id}${var.envprefix}-Core-Keyvault-RG"), 0, 8)}"
    resource_group_name = "${var.envprefix}-Core-Keyvault-RG"
  }
}
```

## Parameter Values

[Variables details](variables.tf)

## History

| Date     | Release    | Change                                                                            |
| -------- | ---------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| 20190812 | 20190812.1 | Improve documentation. Add testing of module. Improve module dependancy solution. |
| 20190806 | 20190806.1 | Add custom dns servers support                                                    |
| 20190729 | 20190729.1 | Fix bug where custo-script would not properly be installed                        |
| 20190725 | 20190725.1 | 1st deploy                                                                        |

Commit message:

Add support to join Active Directory Domain

README.md, after:

# Terraform Basic Virtual Machine

## Introduction

This module deploys a simple [virtual machine resource](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/templates/microsoft.compute/2019-03-01/virtualmachines) with an NSG, 1 NIC and a simple OS Disk.

## Security Controls

The following security controls can be met through configuration of this template:

* AC-1, AC-10, AC-11, AC-11(1), AC-12, AC-14, AC-16, AC-17, AC-18, AC-18(4), AC-2 , AC-2(5), AC-20(1) , AC-20(3), AC-20(4), AC-24(1), AC-24(11), AC-3, AC-3 , AC-3(1), AC-3(3), AC-3(9), AC-4, AC-4(14), AC-6, AC-6, AC-6(1), AC-6(10), AC-6(11), AC-7, AC-8, AC-8, AC-9, AC-9(1), AI-16, AU-2, AU-3, AU-3(1), AU-3(2), AU-4, AU-5, AU-5(3), AU-8(1), AU-9, CM-10, CM-11(2), CM-2(2), CM-2(4), CM-3, CM-3(1), CM-3(6), CM-5(1), CM-6, CM-6, CM-7, CM-7, IA-1, IA-2, IA-3, IA-4(1), IA-4(4), IA-5, IA-5, IA-5(1), IA-5(13), IA-5(1c), IA-5(6), IA-5(7), IA-9, SC-10, SC-13, SC-15, SC-18(4), SC-2, SC-2, SC-23, SC-28, SC-30(5), SC-5, SC-7, SC-7(10), SC-7(16), SC-7(8), SC-8, SC-8(1), SC-8(4), SI-14, SI-2(1), SI-3

## Dependancies

* [Resource Groups](https://github.com/canada-ca-azure-templates/resourcegroups/blob/master/readme.md)
* [Keyvault](https://github.com/canada-ca-azure-templates/keyvaults/blob/master/readme.md)
* [VNET-Subnet](https://github.com/canada-ca-azure-templates/vnet-subnet/blob/master/readme.md)

## Usage

```terraform
module "jumpbox" {
  source = "github.com/canada-ca-terraform-modules/basicwindowsvm?ref=20190725.1"
  #source = "./terraform-azurerm-basicwindowsvm"

  name                              = "jumpbox"
  resource_group_name               = "${var.envprefix}-MGMT-RDS-RG"
  admin_username                    = "azureadmin"
  secretPasswordName                = "server2016DefaultPassword"
  nic_subnetName                    = "${var.envprefix}-MGMT-PAZ"
  nic_vnetName                      = "${var.envprefix}-Core-NetMGMT-VNET"
  nic_resource_group_name           = "${var.envprefix}-Core-NetMGMT-RG"
  dnsServers                        = ["168.63.129.16"]
  nic_enable_ip_forwarding          = false
  nic_enable_accelerated_networking = false
  nic_ip_configuration = {
    private_ip_address            = ""
    private_ip_address_allocation = "Dynamic"
  }
  vm_size = "Standard_D2_v3"
  storage_image_reference = {
    publisher = "MicrosoftWindowsServer"
    offer     = "WindowsServer"
    sku       = "2016-Datacenter"
    version   = "latest"
  }

  keyvault = {
    name                = "${var.envprefix}-Core-KV-${substr(sha1("${data.azurerm_client_config.current.subscription_id}${var.envprefix}-Core-Keyvault-RG"), 0, 8)}"
    resource_group_name = "${var.envprefix}-Core-Keyvault-RG"
  }
}
```

## Parameter Values

[Variables details](variables.tf)

## History

| Date     | Release    | Change                                                                            |
| -------- | ---------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| 20190813 | 20190813.1 | Add support for joining VM to Active Directory domain                             |
| 20190812 | 20190812.1 | Improve documentation. Add testing of module. Improve module dependancy solution. |
| 20190806 | 20190806.1 | Add custom dns servers support                                                    |
| 20190729 | 20190729.1 | Fix bug where custo-script would not properly be installed                        |
| 20190725 | 20190725.1 | 1st deploy                                                                        |
